---
title: "Review on OMSCS Machine Learning (CS7641)"
date: 2019-05-01 20:20:20 -0400
categories: OMSCS ML CS7641
---

Long story to short,
I am experienced professional in the field for more than 15 years and I applied to the program mostly for personal interests and belief in Machine Learning field. Georgia Tech OMSCS is one of the successful online degree program and it was joyful challenge to be in.

I took CS7641 in 2019 Spring.

Looking back, it was tough in workload point of view, informative considering wide coverage of the class materials and assignment, and surprisingly fun to be with professional and witty lectureres. 

For the semester, I spent most of the time (repeatedly) watching the lectures, reading the materials and taking care of assignments.

Many of the colleagues in the class were already in the AI/ML/Data Engineering field with experiences. All were open to each other and enthusiastic to what they were pursuing for. It would be same with off-campus relationships but I think I got something else during the class.

As other GT OMSCS students or alumni told so, it was kind of stressful to balance your work, life with your family.. and the class. 

After all this, my conclusion is clear. It was worth it. 


Most of the lecture videos were recorded years ago but it was OK for me becuase it was about fundamental concepts that doesn't changed or outdated.
The class was designed to provide students with both empirical side of machine learning concepts and algorithms and underpinnings of them as well.

